the military has had some monumental
kicks in the postseason
playoffs in the snowball against open
the 45 yarder tied to game at 13 the 23
yarder in overtime gave the Patriots the
wind and then
against st. Louis in Super Bowl 36 the
to give the Patriots the title
46 yards with a little over four minutes
left in the poll gave the Patriots the
1714 win the Patriots looking for a
second Super Bowl title in three years
from 41 yard
coming out of Southern Miss guy was an
all-american punter when Al Davis
drafted Rea guy at 73 it really shocked
everybody to select a putter I think of
myself a putter the first round what we
go to draft them the guy has a broken
foot man this thinks this takes some
guts to do this usually you think well
you're going to pick of guys in there
every down the Raiders realize guys
booming kicks in five-second hang signs
could revolutionize special teams but we
had just gone through two years of just
mediocre punting with the Raiders we
like the idea of adding somebody to our
defense in the form of a punter or the
opposition we have to go 80 yards rather
than 50 yards
Anderson has just become the NFL's
all-time career shortly they have done
the unthinkable they have one inside the
Metrodome and the celebration is
underway
he had this magnificent season at 15 and
one the Vikings weren't perfect but
kicker Gary Anderson was he didn't miss
a kick the entire regular season a 55
yard kick it wasn't outside it wasn't
cold and for him to miss what a tough
way for him to be known Gary you blew
history Gary it has become one of the
mythic moments in sports history in this
town for him not to deliver just left
him
guys are out of your territory we were
special teams guys aren't you Steve
Tasker defined what a special team
player is even Bill Parcells told Marv
levy that he had to gain plan around
Steve Tasker this man was the greatest
special teams player of all time he
played an incredibly vital role on that
team and that team dominated the AFC for
four or five years Marv Levy called him
one time the most important man on his
team it wasn't just okay
nice try hard guy Steve Tasker is really
a world-class athlete
Ryan's punch 7mr from the sixteenth
looking for Lanie's got one watch out
here if he gets a couple blocks he's
gone seven Nestor the rookie from Miami
cuts down
almost none two players picked Devin
Hester from the
that is exactly what he did intelligent
to force overtime data was Hamsun event
from my team this will be a 45-yard
attempt 16th career game Whitaker game
time field goals in the last five
minutes of regulation or over time this
will be
the wind goes from right to left and
there is a downdraft in that zone
Detroit Lions come back from a ten-point
deficit late in the fourth will win here
in Philadelphia Giants and Niners next